it's one of the few medical facilities
still functioning in Gaza and now the
area around it remains Under
Siege at Al AA in the north of the strip
patients and staff have been trapped in
the facility in the midst of fierce
battles between Israeli forces and
Palestinian Fighters we are now the
fifth day of Siege OFA
hospital yesterday Wednesday the Israeli
occupation forces is um forced
evacuation the our staff and the patient
companies who was with the to evacuate
the W the
W to the Western
Gaza City and now we are 14 of of
medical stuff we are stay with with our
patient here in the hospital but even
before the fight around the hospital
intensified doctors were already
struggling to treat the influx of
patients we are working here under
increasing pressure which peaked last
month with the arrival of displaced
people from Rafa and other places we are
still working hard despite the lack of
capabilities and shortage of stuff a lot
of cases come to the hospital every day
we never know what around the corner but
the situation here is going from bad to
worse the numbers are increasing
health workers have set up tents and
extra beds outside the main building but
resources are still scarce these medical
facilities are a Lifeline for
Palestinians fleeing the Relentless
Israeli
attacks but the health Ministry
estimates 33 of gaza's 35 hospitals are
completely out of service the World
Health Organization is calling for the
greater protection of healthcare workers
and patients and is pleading for the
safe passage for their EV uation Mal
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer